He is a result oriented and self motivated individual.
•	Proficient in Oracle SOA Suite 11g and 12c
•	Extensive knowledge of Webcenter Content Imaging, Capture and Forms Recognition
•	Conversant with Oracle Service Bus (OSB)
•	Basic SOA administration knowledge
•	Good knowledge of Java, JavaScript, SQL and Oracle ADF
•	Fair knowledge of PL/SQL, BI Publisher Reports

in design, development and implementation of highly available, scalable, HTML5 compliant rich internet applications, meant to cater to a very large geographically distributed user base and having extremely stringent performance requirements.familiar with an iterative development approach, along the lines of agile methodology.

I have always been passionate about learning and applying various technologies. Currently I am working with Walmart eCommerce. Earlier I had worked at HP R&D where I was an integral member of a team developing the next generation of HP's Web Print Platform. I have experience in development of Web Services based on HTTP, UDP and XMPP protocols, with specific focus on Security, Scalability, Reliability & Availability.

Specialities
★ Web Technologies
★ Systems Programming
★ NoSQL & Relational Databases
★ Security
★ XMPP, HTTP

A dynamic consultant with core competency in problem solving, developing business models, and having a 7 years of experience across industries.
	Act as a transformation agent in Analytics & Digital solutions.
	Engage with internal teams to build industry-specific solutions & platforms.
	Involved in pre-sales activities, writing RFP/RFI responses.
	Worked as a functional consultant for implementation of tactical workforce automation, Johannesburg South Africa.
	Implementation of IoT Analytics based asset management platform for large Construction Company, Chennai.
	Worked as a technical team lead to deliver projects across warehouse & BI platforms.
	Part of Database, ETL, & BI platform migrations and integrations.
	Supported end to end implementation of banking data warehouse projects.
	Managed geographically sparse teams to come up with flying colours in mission critical projects.
	Mentored associates and junior members to enhance their technical skills & business understanding.



